Good morning ladies, you are watching PEW News now.
PEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWP (゚∀.)
*Opening music*
Good evening, I am the anchor Gloria Borger, you are watching PEW News.
Youtube is the most trustworthy.. news channel
Speaking of Youtube
Our first report from Youtube on Youtube complained:
"Why are the videos I subscribe to not sorted in chronological order?
The Youtube team responded: "Clarify, we are currently trying some new sorting methods"
Since I am Gloria Borger, I should give my most objective opinion.
but...
*painful call*
This sounds like a bad idea (laugh)
God, in the past few years, Youtube has done a lot of changes that no one likes or wants.
But they always go their own way, but they never cause too much trouble.
But our subscription video is our last main castle, the last defense,
At least not changed or updated to
No one will use the classification. Like...
Recommended videos, home videos, popular videos
These are the classifications that no one knows, but he is there.
In a sense, they are quite convenient, but they are millions of "do not move" subscription videos.
Although they also mentioned that this is just a test
But old and private.. honestly
They basically put him on
*laugh*
Youtube mentioned: This is just a small test
Can be set by yourself
Ethan Klein mentioned on Twitter: It is a very dangerous move for you to do so.
This will make Youtube die.
It’s about the same as Facebook today. If I say that I didn’t notice it, it’s a lie.
But I want - I have to tell the truth because I am Gloria Borger
Every time there is an update, someone will not like it, but those are often not so bad.
I haven't seen it yet, so I can't comment:
"This is really bad, it will ruin Youtube"
Because I am super objective and perfect ゚∀゚(゚∀゚)ノ
PEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEW
Remember VICE? Nothing wrong, claiming to be:
"The coolest magazine in history," said the chief editor of VICE:
"We know what the new generation is thinking"
"We know what the new generation wants"
That's why their article has "Rick and Moti's incest film" and
"Please don't open the joke of Childish Gambino" This type of quality article
Then, I laughed at them last week (VICE)
I think I probably got them angry..
Sorry for VICE ( ;∀;)
However, VICE decided to say: "We should use junk articles to prove that he is wrong!"
Hahaha( ́∀` )
"Everyone listens to me...!!"
I am this expression in the photo.
*Exclusive broadcast* "Pewdiepie, he is teaching his audience to say that women should live"
That's right, do you remember that movie? Everyone remembers right?
Remember when I said that they should live?
*nod*
Of course remember ( ͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °)
Better than this, I later sent the original film to Twitter.
So everyone can go and see for themselves.
However, I seem to have made a mistake, so VICE responded by saying:
"Haha, you made the wrong brother."
*☚(* ́∀`☚)* Was I caught?
Fortunately, our article has a verbatim draft of your film.
Really, yeah, on the verbatim draft, I said that women should live.
It’s exactly the same yeah~ exactly the same as you wrote (`Д ́)
Thank you~ Jason
Thank you VICE for being such an honest * report
Thank you, not only to understand the thinking of the new generation, but also to understand what they want.
I really want to thank you for helping me write such a persuasive verbatim manuscript.
Very knot...excellent report
well done.
This whole article is full of...
呃....prejudice
His article has been trying to hint
They think that I think it can be hindered, harassed and even violated by women because of women’s wear.
I have never said this before.
The criticisms under this report are also very classic.
I have never seen an article with so many people before I sent Twitter.
The best thing to laugh is that this magazine says that you understand the new generation.
On the one hand, the article was overturned by its own audience.
Super classic (`∀ ́ハ
In fact, I feel that I don’t have to respond at all.
But it should be funny, so I will respond
"In Pewdiepie's latest film, Pewd is responsible for Alinity's complaints.
And said that the harassment that Alinity is currently suffering is that he deserves it. "
That's right, that's what I want to express! * I'm afraid that VICE can't understand it, so I declare that it is ironic*
I am talking about his abuse of copyright law, he should be accepted as a sniper.
Abuse of the law is wrong, of course you will be attacked
This is the Internet world, of course, will receive some of the harassment
This is not what I hope, nor will I say that anyone should be harassed.
"...the reason she was harassed was because he was wearing a cool costume live.
In Pewd's film, she can see a piece of underwear in a transparent top."
* Eye barriers*
The article hints that I don't like other people wearing bra straps or wearing transparent tops.
Lie
I have never said these words.
She also hinted that I hate people revealing bra straps
This is really awkward. I have never said that it is a lie.
Then the article says: I said she only wears a skirt to play the Just Dance dance game.
In fact, I gave a lot of her promiscuous fragments as an example.
But they just want to mention one as if I only have one example
Well done, VICE
In the following articles, they also said that I "out of context" ̄\_(ツ)_/ ̄
How to do it? ᴥ•ʔ
The whole article is basically
The reporter is fighting me and completely ignoring the fault of the other party.
Stuffy enough
"Pewd's behavior is not only speculative but disappointing
Does this have three small benefits for me?
do you understand?
She is the speculative and disgusting person. Are you wrong?
*laugh*
Abuse of copyright law to make money is called speculation and casts aside
What did my mother do?
Then they continue to ignore all the actions of Alinity.
Because they said that the focus of this film is not on copyright abuse.
This is about the rights of female live owners.
This is a very convenient excuse
We can directly ignore her fault
Let us turn to discuss the female reality master
I also want to use such an excuse, I feel super convenient.
If I use another day to abuse the copyright law to complain to another person
I can easily guess the front page of tomorrow.
If I still go to show off the abuse of copyright law, the complainant is very profitable.
I believe I will get good feedback.
If I admit that I am getting married
I really want to know what everyone will say.
If I say N-words (discriminatory vocabulary), then it’s okay, I’m 10% black.
Of course everyone will ignore what I did.
Because that's not the point
If I openly admit that day
Youtube has given me a special disclaimer
There is absolutely no one who has an opinion because it is not the point.
The point is that my film is literally correct.
Uh
They said: In order to understand the beginning and end of the event
You must have a look at Twitch Fails videos. You can search Twitch Fails on Youtube.
* Wear high IQ glasses* ( ́・ω・`)
Oh, I don’t think you really understand what you are saying.
You want me to search Twitch Fails
She immediately jumped out of some subtle porn videos.
I hope that you are not intentional (laugh)
However, this is the biggest problem of Twitch.
When these meats are the main and current actresses
Lively wretched behavior on Twitch
Will overshadow those who are normal and just want to play the game.
Your example is really good.
And I also mentioned
I don't hate their behavior at all.
For example, there is a live master
The whole thing is very light. She lived for a year, just wanted to be a Twitch Partner
Then 呃
But she hasn't got Twitch Partner yet. D: But she also agrees with my point of view and some opinions.
"I am just squeezing my bra to let everyone know the principle of concentrating bras"
You can't materialize me.
[ItsSkyLOL]: It’s because of these female facts.
Many people will come to my life and hope that I will do the same thing.
Not all female reality owners will squeeze the bra for you to see
Every time I see this girl, it makes me very upset.
Are the stereotypes created by these people.
Then the film is red.
There are now millions of views
She is doing well now, and I am very happy because there are some people who work hard to pay for this kind of thing.
Uh
You can also get a little help
"After Pewd's film
Alinity also apologized. "
Did she apologize? Σ(゚Д゚;)
Wow, this is really amazing.
This ghost article I read very painful
The reason I apologize is because I want to give Alinity a step.
I don't want to see her continue to be jealous.
I don't want to see her continue to be harassed.
I thought I gave him a chance to let go.
But it seems that she apologized ( ́∀`)
Good job, VICE ( ́∀`)
*Please applause*
This is what we want to do.
Let the game no longer harass
That's why no one believes in you.
This is why
Uh
You have already put the sheep too many times.
Yes, you may earn some clickthrough rate on this article.
Yes, you may feel that you are awesome.
But in fact you are a jumping clown
Congratulations ☆*゚ ゚゚*( ́∀`)*゚ ゚゚*☆
PEWPEWPEWPEWPE
Next * one * news is also very relevant
Elon Musk, a person I admire
She has done a lot of amazing portraits of SpaceX and Tesla.
She also recently had a problem with the news media.
She wrote on Twitter
These self-centered and hypocritical media companies always cover up lies in the name of truth.
No one in today’s society will respect this industry (the best)
This sounds very similar to my situation.
Essentially the same
Her Twitter is talking about a press release written by Washington Post.
"Tesla automatically drives the truck until the red light stops."
Elon Musk mentioned: A fracture in a car accident on Ratsla will be on the front page.
Then more than 40,000 people died in car accidents last year but no one cares.
You can argue that a Tesla accident
Is it news?
But the interesting point is that in the past year
There is no report of a favorable Tesla
In the past year, our autonomous driving technology has been reduced by 40% with government support.
Our data shows that the more road traffic, the more we will improve our driving safety.
There is no perfect driving in the world. No matter what, there will be a problem with the Sambo.
This is a reality we have to face.
Elon Musk is doing the job of avoiding a car accident and saving lives.
But he will still be scrutinized by the media.
Because the media only cares about the rate of reading, they use criticism to criticize everyone except themselves.
Andrew Hawkins replied:
Elon Musk is just trying to cover up the facts and mislead the public against the media.
Elon Reply: I know you will say that every time someone opposes the media. You will only say that you are Trump.
How do you think she was elected? Because no one believes in your ghosts, you have already lost credit.
*Laser laser* Well said Elon
These reporters have been under great pressure for the click rate.
They will be fired without a click rate.
In this case Elon jokingly proposed a website plan called Pravda
But I think she is serious, she got a vote and asked if she wants to set up a
A web page that can report the media score of a farm article
88% agree, 12% object
"The interesting thing is that the number of opponents is gradually decreasing, but more and more people are tweeting me (thinking)"
Basically Pravda is a website that can rate the credit level of the media.
A bit like Rotten Tomatoes (foreign film rating website)
I will collect information about movies and film reviews, just this one will be about media reporters.
This is a fun idea, let me know what you think
PEWPEWPEWPEWPEWP-
I want to give a big... huge thanks
Thanks to all those who supported me when the media wanted to bully me.
When I saw someone
Willing to spend time explaining for me
Willing to calmly and objectively analyze the truth of the matter
Even if these news are some shit
I am really happy to have you.
Many people like to share these sensational news and then fall into the rocks.
Indiscriminately say something like "I know her character is bad"
So I really appreciate your support, I really thank you guys.
Hey and you will meet again
*Jake Paul's music*
Thank you Pewdiepie for bringing us the film (* ́∀`*)ノ
This is 0.5 seconds before the end of the movie. Why are you wasting time here ( ́∀`) σ)Д`)